— At the beginning everyone posseses:
    * 1000 money
    * 1000 fuel
    * 1000 wood
    * 1 diamond
— Units serve as workers, warriors, traders and, more generally, item-bearers.
  Moving units to places always costs some amount of fuel.
  
  Trespassing:
    One can only trespass upon buildings of communities (s)he belongs to.

  Building:
    Out of a selected castle group of workers, of size depending on amount of resources
    required to erect a building, is sent to whatever place player has chosen. The
    calculated fuel size, depending on a building remoteness and size of workers group, is
    substracted from selected castle's fuel. After constructing a building, group of workers
    remains inside, if the building is a tower or a castle, or, if the building is a
    marketsquare, returns home without charging fuel.

  Attacking:
    For clearance, suppose that the attacking group of warriors is called "attackers" and the
    group of warriors which faces the attack in either castle or tower is "defenders".
    The attacking force is calculated as the product of number of attackers and the durability
    of a building whence the attackers came. The defending force is calculated likewise.
    Either forces are as well multiplied by some different random luck coefficients, which lie
    within 0.88 and 1.3.
    After the attack is performed, three results are possible:
        1) All defenders dead. Attackers' victory.
            If the building that was being defended is a tower, it's destroyed and the remaining
            attackers march home without charging fuel.
            If it is a castle, the remaining attackers take possession over it.
            If it is a marketsquare, it is impossible — marketsquares cannot be attacked.
        2) All attackers and all defenders dead. Draw.
        and
        3) All attackers dead. Defenders' victory.
            The building remains being in possession of defending player.

  Trading:
    Trading happens on marketsquares, which always belong to a player. However, there is
    a council marketsquare in the zeroth cluster of the country. All player-owned
    marketsquares charge 5% tax for every deal.
